Contribution License Agreement

This PC License Agreement (“Agreement”) is agreed to by the party
signing below (“You”), and conveys certain license rights to Dev Community Inc.
and its affiliates (“DEV”) for Your contributions to DEV open source projects.
This Agreement is effective upon Your acknowledgment via the CLA Assistant tool.
All prospective contributors to DEV open source projects must sign this
Agreement (digitally or otherwise) before any changes will be merged.

1. Definitions.

“Code” means the computer software code, whether in human-readable or
machine-executable form, that is delivered by You to DEV under this Agreement.

“Project” means any of the projects owned or managed by DEV in which software is
offered under a license approved by the Open Source Initiative (OSI)
(www.opensource.org) and/or documentation offered under an OSI or a Creative
Commons license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses).

“Submit” is the act of uploading, submitting, transmitting, or distributing code
or other content to any Project, including but not limited to communication on
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking
systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Project for the purpose of
discussing and improving that Project, but excluding communication that is
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a
Submission.”

“Submission” means the Code and any other copyrightable material Submitted by
You, including any associated comments and documentation. 2. Your Submission.

You must agree to the terms of this Agreement before making a Submission to any
Project. This Agreement covers any and all Submissions that You, now or in the
future (except as described in Section 4 below), Submit to any Project. 3.
Originality of Work.

You represent that each of Your Submissions is entirely Your original work.
Should You wish to Submit materials that are not Your original work, You may
Submit them separately to the Project if You (a) retain all copyright and
license information that was in the materials as You received them, (b) in the
description accompanying Your Submission, include the phrase “Submission
containing materials of a third party:” followed by the names of the third party
and any licenses or other restrictions of which You are aware, and (c) follow
any other instructions in the Project’s written guidelines concerning
Submissions. 4. Your Employer.

References to “employer” in this Agreement include Your employer or anyone else
for whom You are acting in making Your Submission, e.g. as a contractor, vendor,
or agent. If Your Submission is made in the course of Your work for an employer
or Your employer has intellectual property rights in Your Submission by contract
or applicable law, You must secure permission from Your employer to make the
Submission before signing this Agreement. In that case, the term “You” in this
Agreement will refer to You and the employer collectively. If You change
employers in the future and desire to Submit additional Submissions for the new
employer, then You agree to sign a new Agreement and secure permission from the
new employer before Submitting those Submissions. 5. Licenses.

a. Copyright License. You grant DEV, and those who receive the Submission
directly or indirectly from DEV, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license in the Submission to
reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and
distribute the Submission and such derivative works, and to sublicense any or
all of the foregoing rights to third parties.

b. Patent License. You grant DEV, and those who receive the Submission directly
or indirectly from DEV, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
irrevocable license under Your patent claims that are necessarily infringed by
the Submission or the combination of the Submission with the Project to which it
was Submitted to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import or
otherwise dispose of the Submission alone or with the Project.

c. Other Rights Reserved. Each party reserves all rights not expressly granted
in this Agreement. No additional licenses or rights whatsoever (including,
without limitation, any implied licenses) are granted by implication,
exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise. 6. Representations and Warranties.

You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. You
represent that each of Your Submissions is entirely Your original work (except
as You may have disclosed under Section 3). You represent that You have secured
permission from Your employer to make the Submission in cases where Your
Submission is made in the course of Your work for Your employer or Your employer
has intellectual property rights in Your Submission by contract or applicable
law. If You are signing this Agreement on behalf of Your employer, You represent
and warrant that You have the necessary authority to bind the listed employer to
the obligations contained in this Agreement. You are not expected to provide
support for Your Submission, unless You choose to do so. UNLESS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, AND EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY
STATED IN SECTIONS 3, 4, AND 6, THE SUBMISSION PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS
PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. 7. Notice to DEV.

You agree to notify DEV in writing of any facts or circumstances of which You
later become aware that would make Your representations in this Agreement
inaccurate in any respect. 8. Information about Submissions.

You agree that contributions to Projects and information about contributions may
be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly, including Your name and other
information that You submit with Your Submission. 9. Governing Law/Jurisdiction.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York, and the parties
consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal courts sitting in New
York County, New York, unless no federal subject matter jurisdiction exists, in
which case the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the
Superior Court of New York County, New York. The parties waive all defenses of
lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens. 10. Entire
Agreement/Assignment.

This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes any
and all prior agreements, understandings or communications, written or oral,
between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be
assigned by DEV.
